# Data Science tasks
Description:
- iris_task_1:
  Your customer is importing flowers (irises) from China. He always buys the same three species: Virginica, Versicolor oraz Setosa. Unfortunately, in the last order all the flowers got mixed up and nobody knows how to distinguish them (what is surprising, even the florist experts were not able to identify them). Luckily, there are still 150 flowers left from the previous order which are tagged properly. The client instructed his workers to measure the length and width of their sepals and petals so they could help to classify the newest batch correctly. Goal: Based on attached data build a model which will classify flower species from the last order. Prepare a report where you describe your way of approaching the problem and the steps you took to solve it. Don’t forget to assess the quality of the model you have prepared. Don’t focus on getting the highest score possible - the more important thing is to show your line of thought. If you have any doubts or something seems inconclusive based on the task description, write it down in the report in the way you would ask the customer to clarify. 
 - nlp_task_2:
 Enclosed dataset contains data about press headlines – their content and type. Aim of this task is to create binary classification model for headline type (sarcastic / not sarcastic) based on headline content. Goal: Based on attached data build a model that will classify headline types. Prepare a report where you describe your way of approaching the problem and the steps you took to solve it. Don’t forget to assess the quality of the model you have prepared. Don’t focus on getting the highest score possible - the more important thing is to show your line of thought and your approach to the problem - especially NLP techniques you used. If you have any doubts or something seems inconclusive based on the task description, write it down in the report in the way you would ask the customer to clarify.
 - sql_task_3:
A case where we only want to get columns from the students table. From the description of the assignment, I've concluded that it's only about data from student. If I want to add data from another tables, I would use for example er.* etc. depends on tables.

Attention: Every model which I used and feature engineering has been described in jupyter notebooks.
